Ignore the synthetic constructor created by the agent (#111)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Support Druid Connection pool metrics collecting.
* Support HikariCP Connection pool metrics collecting.
* Support Dbcp2 Connection pool metrics collecting.

> * Ignored the synthetic constructor created by java agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ignore the synthetic constructor created by the agent in the Spring patch plugin.
```
